Dovhopolov okta 362883 live widget (#1931)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/live-widget/index.md

---

> # This file controls the links and content shown on the home (/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This file controls the links and content shown on the live widget (/live-widget) page.
```
